(DOCS-7040) Update error path instructions (#21480)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/workflows/build.md

{{< img src="service_management/workflows/context-variables-tab-source-object-variables.png" alt="The Source object variables in the Context Variables tab" >}}

## Error handling

> In the event that a step fails, you can specify the number of times you want your workflow to retry the step and at what interval before moving on to an optional error path. If no error path is present, the workflow terminates after all retries are exhausted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the number of times you want your workflow to retry a failed step, and at what interval, before moving on to an optional error path. If no error path is present, the workflow terminates after all retries are exhausted.
```

### Retries

To configure retries for a step:
1. Click on the step in the workflow canvas.
1. In the **Retries** section, adjust the **Interval** and **Max retries** values.
1. Save your workflow to apply the changes.

### Add an error path

> You can add an error path for the workflow to proceed down if it encounters an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an error path for the workflow to follow if it encounters an error.
```

To add an error path:
1. Hover over the step where you'd like to add an error path.

> 1. Click and drag the **Error path** icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click and drag the **Error path** icon to place a new error path on the canvas.
```
